Set exam mode implicitly if the exam UUID is provided (#10505)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/accessControl.md

## Server modes

Each user accesses the PrairieLearn server in a _mode_, as listed below. This can be used to restrict access to assessments based on the current mode. The mode of an access rule has the following effect:

| Mode     | When is access allowed?                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Public` | Access is normally allowed, but is blocked when the student is checked in on PrairieTest, either in a testing center or in a course-managed session. This is the default mode.                                |
| `Exam`   | Access is normally blocked, and is only allowed when the student is checked in on PrairieTest, either in a testing center or in a course-managed session. This mode is used when the `examUuid` is specified. |

> In general usage it is best to keep the Public mode for any homework (assessments that students should do at home or without special access control), and to use exam mode, either with an explicit `"mode": "Exam"` setting or by setting the `"examUuid"`, for exams with access controlled by PrairieTest. This will make it so that exams are only accessible in a testing center or a controlled course session, and homework is _not_ accessible during exams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general usage it is best to keep the default Public mode for any homework (assessments that students should do at home or without special access control), and to use exam mode, by setting the `"examUuid"`, for exams with access controlled by PrairieTest. This will make it so that exams are only accessible in a testing center or a controlled course session, and homework is _not_ accessible during exams.
```

```json
"allowAccess": [
    {
        "uids": ["student1@example.com", "student2@example.com"],
        "credit": 100,
        "startDate": "2014-09-12T00:00:01",
        "endDate": "2014-09-12T23:59:59"
    },
    {
        "credit": 100,
        "startDate": "2014-09-07T00:00:01",
        "endDate": "2014-09-10T23:59:59"
    }

> ],

Author: I changed the order in this example mostly to stick to convention, where exceptions are listed first. However, in this example, the order didn't have a practical effect, since the time slots did not overlap.
